this show is just a treasure trove of
weird people
welcome to Ms mojo and today we're
counting down our picks for another top
10 most shocking guests on dr. Phil
before we begin we publish new content
every day so be sure to subscribe to our
channel and ring the bell to get
notified about our latest videos for
this list we're looking at even more
people who have shocked with their
appearances on dr. Phil we're not only
including violent or depraved
individuals although those will
certainly be counted but we're also
looking at generally unhinged or
abnormal people who may cause viewers to
recoil in surprise or embarrassment
number 10 Amy and Samy from Kitchen
Nightmares let's begin with a nice
crossover between dr. Phil and Kitchen
Nightmares
Amy and Samy first appeared on the
latter series and were met with fierce
backlash regarding the way they handled
criticism it was also the first time
that Gordon walked away from a
restaurant
realizing that there was nothing he
could do to change the attitude of its
owners Amy and Samy later appeared on
dr. Phil to defend themselves but it
mostly boiled down to Samy yelling at
people and the couple insinuating that
every restaurant owner in Israel acts in
a belligerent fashion everyone behaves
the way my husband does that's where it
comes from and you go to each restaurant
and they're all screaming and yelling
and no one comes into a restaurant to
try to bully you or harass them when the
world's watching you might want to keep
a lid on it we think they were trying to
clear their names but they only made the
situation worse all those people you see
there were actors for kitchen nightmare
number 9 sugar baby a lot of people in
today's economy are struggling to make
ends meet some take on second jobs
others become sugar babies I mean about
$30,000 in cash and I've got about 20 to
30,000
and yes we suppose that's technically a
second job just you know not really a
legitimate one twenty three-year-old
Michelle moved to California to attend
school but quickly became a sugar baby
which is a young person who goes out
with rich older people in order to
receive money and/or material gain
I have custom but we've never had sex
I'm not a prostitute while Michelle
claims she has a strict no sex policy
she admits to kissing and receiving
roughly fifty thousand dollars in cash
and expensive gifts she then tells her
father what she's been doing with
herself and his disappointment is
heartbreaking surprise surprise it's not
quite what he envisioned for his
daughter my parents always taught me
you're gonna earn you're gonna go out
there and work for whatever it is number
eight
Pastor Tom and his 19 year old pregnant
girlfriend the age difference between 61
year-old Tom and 19 year-old Reba is
substantial oh and the man is a pastor
who's already married we have been
looking for another wife to add to her
family for a few years to make the story
even more surreal Tom's wife Belinda
claims that she and Tom had wanted a
polygamous marriage for a long time and
that she was elated when Reba was
married into the family she also states
that she doesn't intrude on their
relationship and that Tom alternates his
nights with Reba and Belinda we happen
to have a great age difference and both
of them are gonna outlive me I get it
Phil says that their sexual relationship
creeps a lot of people out and
considering tom has known Reba since she
was a child such feelings aren't exactly
unfounded number seven the digital
kidnapper April and Nathan are parents
of four year old twins confronting a
woman named Ashley who stole photos of
their daughters off Facebook and pass
them off as her own children online and
wait I came and get joy out of my little
girls because I'm freaked out every
person that looks at him or talk to him
is someone that's related to you because
smack him up and steal him from me
taking the deception even further Ashley
has concocted an elaborate story
regarding her children has framed photos
of the girls in her house and has a
fabricated story to go along with every
single stolen picture I had made
mistakes and mistakes in my life and I
was sent to prison and I lost custody of
them
is that Ashley of course denies
everything despite very clear evidence
to the contrary we don't know if this is
despicable or just tragic maybe it's a
combination of both it would seem that
mental health is an issue that doesn't
make the situation any less creepy for
four years you followed our family for
four years everywhere we've gone
I mean how violated can you even imagine
that we feel number six I'm one of the
best anorexics out there in this episode
a woman named Jordan who weighs 75
pounds speaks to dr. Phil about wanting
to lose even more weight with her
ultimate goal being around 70 pounds
show how disciplined I can be and how
I'm one of the best anorexics out there
Jordan admits that she loves the
attention she receives from her clearly
distraught parents and the shocked
expressions her appearance elicits when
she passes people on the street it's
another instance of not knowing whether
we should be shocked or sad because this
is just a tragic tale from every angle
she says she does it because it pisses
you off
seeing the skeletal Jordan is enough to
make anyone feel sorry for both her and
her parents number 5 the woman who is
1000% certain of a three-year pregnancy
most pregnancies last 40 weeks zonas
alleged pregnancy has been going on for
over 170 or so she says my belly has
continued to grow for the three and a
half years but it does grow at super low
rates 40 year old zona appeared on dr.
Phil claiming to have been pregnant for
three years and seven months despite
having her tubes tied at 20 and like any
expectant mother
zona has visited doctors all of whom
could not find a baby zona chalks this
up to their ultrasounds having too many
megahertz because I have heard that I
have stage four bladder cancer someone
told you you had stage four bladder
cancer and you did nothing about it
and despite zona feeling movement and
heartbeats the OBGYN dr. Phil hired to
study her said that zonas Anatomy is
normal and that there was nothing in her
uterus we don't know what's going on
here but it's certainly not a baby
number four woman is being poisoned by
her husband if you thought this list
could
get any more tragic think again he
injected me in my eyes on top of my
eyelids in between my eyebrows my temple
forehead on my chin a woman named Pat
believes that her husband Mira is
poisoning her to keep her sedated so he
can openly molest their daughters as
proof she shows needle marks which are
nothing more than regular skin bumps my
wife has been diagnosed with paranoid
schizophrenia she's so paranoid that she
sleeps on the floor of her daughter's
bedrooms barricades the doors and wears
a softball helmet to protect herself
Mira claims that she's been diagnosed
with paranoid schizophrenia and has been
committed in the past my dad was like
putting me to sleep and it gives me good
night my mom said like it's a horrible
story of a family being torn apart by
mental illness and it makes for
devastating television number three the
756 pound man Robert gave us quite the
sight he sat on Phil's couch had leaned
back and was barely able to string
together a sentence due to his enormous
size because Robert hadn't weighed
himself in five years Phil brought in an
industrial scale and discovered that he
weighed an unbelievable 756 pounds I
just must be able to ride a bike and
play basketball my friend Roberts daily
life was as difficult as you would
expect he desperately wanted to be
active and was tired of feeling lonely
entrapped Robert was sent to Wellspring
Academy and lost 260 pounds although he
had unfortunately gained it back by 2015
you can follow Roberts renewed progress
and life through his youtube channel
raging Robert which is still active as
of January 2019 I am glad to see less of
you
number two racist against her own race
this segment bears a scary resemblance
to the BA n episode of Atlanta and it's
so bizarre and surreal that it could
easily be taken for satire I know a lot
of people take issue with my beliefs my
the guest is treasurer and she believes
that she's white she spouts tons of
disgusting racist language toward black
people and has the KKK z' number on
speed dial which to be honest we didn't
even know was a thing and plus they're
so thug and criminal that I can't relate
okay when taken onto the street
treasurer acts like a stereotypical
white girl while also showing disgust
towards the gaggle of african-americans
her word not ours we're not sure if
treasurer is mentally troubled or just a
massive troll it's just too bizarre and
shocking to be believed I mean that's
just so riddled with ignorance I don't
even know how to respond before we
unveil our top pick here are a few
honorable mentions
she just started saying anything that
she could that I heard her son that I
drug him out back i bloodied his
knuckles that I punished him that I
called him names berated him you fill
this up with vodka didn't you yes sir
and it's still got some in it a little
little bit yeah my mom was buying a
Bentley for herself why can't I get a G
Wagen why do you need a G Wagen the
voices told me if I don't save the baby
birds then they're gonna do something to
my family something bad sorry I killed
them you can't blame women for what they
do wrong in the same way that you can't
blame a dog for what it does wrong it's
your fault for not training the properly
[Applause]
number one the teen who killed her own
mom it's not often that dr. Phil
interviews somebody this troubled for
this special episode Phil interviewed
Rachael Hudson a teenager who murdered
her sick mother like I knew things
weren't gonna get better once my mom
asked Rachael explains that her mother
was not well having suffered multiple
heart attacks and kidney failure and
that she wanted to commit a
murder-suicide to relieve her family of
they're suppose at Burton after killing
her mother she sent a photo of her body
to her disbelieving father who
repeatedly asked to speak to his wife
you did not have the right to decide for
your mother when she ended her life
however labored and difficult her life
course was it's a heavier story than dr.
Phil's typical brand and it leaves a
dreadful lasting impression do you agree
with our picks check out these other
great clips from ms mojo and be sure to
subscribe and ring the bell to be
notified about our latest videos
[Music]